So let's get started with Dynamo ODP development for A W-S with Python and both of three and for that
purpose let's go and create our project first.
So I'm going to here to create new project on PIJ on my ID and I'm going to name my project as Di Nam
ODP works.
All right.
And for the interpreter as I always do I'm going to use the existing interpreter as Python 3.6.
And again if he don't see it you can simply click and add it to your ID from the section from this button
actually.
So I'm going to hit create.
And here we go.
Our project is ready to be working with.
So the first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to go and create a new Python package and this
is going to be the source directory.
So I'm going to name this package as as RC or source for sure.
All right.
And the other thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to implement a little utility the class for manipulating
my client my dynamo D-B client.
All right.
So this class is going to give me the dynamo D-B benefits with a wrapper mindset behind the scenes so
I'm going to name this class as Klein factory.
And within this class I'm going to import both all three just for once and then I'm going to refer this
with my other classes so I don't have to import both all three all the time when I want to use it.
So I'm going to name my class as client factory and then I'm going to put an initialiser method.
So this initialiser method is going to accept a client argument so that I can inject my client property
by all three client property as dynamically.
So this self-taught underscore client is going to be both all three dot client and I'm going to use
the client that I'm passing in and then I'm also going to give my region to this Klein declaration and
the region is going to be EU whereas three or with its name it's Paris.
All right.
And what I'm going to do next is I'm going to put a get method for this client sort of I can reach it
whenever I want.
So I'm going to put a kit client and this mother is simply going to get me declined that I just create
it.
All right.
So let's create our dynamo D-B client.
So I'm going to say class dynamo ATP dynamo DP client and I'm going to inject my Collines factory here
and then I'm going to put my initialize method.
And within this initialiser method I'm going to call the super so that I can get the benefits of my
Kaline factory class and then I'm going to initialize with the proper client.
So in this case it's going to be dynamo DBI.
All right.
So this is all about my client.
Then there is all to do at about my dynamo or D-B client access in the next video we're going to start
implementing our create update read and delete operations for Dynamo DB.
So I'll be seeing you on the next videos.